as the city starts its day but
businesslike penguins begin that
before heading off to work penguins have
their morning routine first they must
wash for a suburban sea bird who's
picked up tan grime and sand overnight
it's important to keep cleavage neat and
well-oiled
it's also a good time to socialize and
play before a long hard day dealing in
fish stocks from all parts of the beach
the birds leave the shallows and collect
in small groups the penguins may have to
swim a hundred kilometres in a day in
search of good fishing grounds
for safety and working efficiency the
birds need to hunt together our single
ripple and they're gone